---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 4: Examination pt.4"
date:   2015-11-13 21:18:00
categories: story
subsection: "Morningstar"
pov: "Ronnie Schiatto"
---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

I've never liked the Filipino accent. The fact that a bounty hunter is using it taunt me makes it more infuriating.

"Come out, Father Ronnie" said a sickly sweet female voice just outside the parish offices. I can sense.. three body-like heat sources outside, with another two out the back. These guys are professionals.

Good thing I am too.

The moment I can sense the two men brace themselves to break the backdoor, I threw a couple of fireballs directly at the door.

When pyrokinetics throw fireballs, technically they're usually firebolts: piercing arrows made of fire. I throw real fireballs- pea sized balls of light that explode like a grenade on impact, but instead of shrapnel and a big boom, there's overwhelming heat, flames and the silence of a vacuum instead.

I walked through the fire and my black pastor's coat stayed cool and unburnt. The flames was still billowing outward as got through where the door was. I can see the incinerated bodies of my two assailants still being carried away by the expanding explosion, along with the ashes of the door. They're wearing flame-resistant camo gear, just like this country's military, but their guns revealed their real allegiance: low-tech kalashnikovs meant mercenaries. I stopped briefly to consider who paid them off. The Inquisitors frown upon their use, while the Military has the resources but not the ability to track me down.

I started running, turning into the narrow back alley of the offices. I can see the Alabang Parish Cathedral ahead of me. I knew the moment I entered the church they'd have to stop chasing me through the early morning crowd. Both the Church and the State hate unnecessary panic.

Unfortunately, what remains of the backdoor crashed and disintegrated on the other side of the alley. I sensed the three mercs at the other side of the building kick open the front door and start to rush in.

"RONNIE SCHIATTO STAND DOWN OR..."

I barely made it to the corner of the building when I felt it. I immediately stopped- I didn't know what kind of field I was in. Now I'm reasonably sure that these guys are paid by the state. Don't know which one, but they're either powerful mercenaries, or a corporate paramilitary group. Not everyone can afford to have someone with superpowers on the payroll.

Looking back, I stood at the corner of the building, with the Cathedral at my back and the gray cloudy skies above me. When one of them emerged from what remained of the back door, I saw the same gear that the other two wore, except they're not charred this time. The seal of the Philippines is on the first mercs' gear, but the guy behind.. her.. was casually dressed. Plain red and grey shirt, black designer sunglasses and jeans. I recognized him immediately.

Arthur Reyes, codename "Veritas", member of Batang-X's Task Force. If my research is correct, his power is 'Stabilization'.  His stabilization field had no known limitations, and it has several effects. It prevents everyone from shifting into another form, forces shifted beings back into their original form and prevents everything from being transmuted into another form. Right now he can stabilize for up to 300 meters in one direction. If he's maintaining a sphere of influence, then he can only reach 100 meters.

Quite effective against shifters and transmuters.. and since pyrokinetics rely on transmuting air into fuel..

---
September 17, 2099 (Thursday; Afternoon) - About 14 Years ago.

The supervillain made quick work of my mentor, Crossfire. Just my luck; my first mission against another powered being, and my mentor dies. We're not close, but I learned quite a bit during our three weeks. I kept my cool, knowing that Mainline is monitoring the situation and has most likely upgraded our opponent's threat level. Reinforcements should be getting here.

I looked around. The skies were clear, not a cloud in sight, and my back is to the crumbling back wall of a square, single story building. The vast, flat desert stretched in front of me, with a road of packed sand. With the harsh sun beating down, the Afghan town of ??? looked bleaker than I thought.

We were responding to a foreign distress signal against a single, low threat level supervillain. Took our teleporter eight jumps before we arrived from the HQ at Cologne, France. The teleporter will pick us up in about 45 mins., but I hope Mainline can get more Heroes here faster.

"Do you speak English?" A female voice with a harsh accent said from the direction of the town. I kept my back to the wall, and imagined what I'm about to do. I can vaguely sense the supervillain by her body heat, but the dessert heat is making it difficult to accurately pinpoint her. I know she's just started to walk around the building, straight towards me.

I unhooked my namesake weapon from my belt: a Morningstar. It was basically a club, three feet in length made in weighted reinforced ceramic. It has a spherical head with spikes. I activated my power and the spikes blossomed with flames.

"Impressive." I can feel her stop just in the corner of the building. "You know that won't work against me, right?"

When Crossfire and I first tried to engage her, she effortlessly dodged my mentor's gunfire. Not an easy task, since Crossfire's power is duplication of small objects (like bullets), while relocating their source and retaining their forward momentum. Basically, when my mentor's desert eagle fired a single shot, eleven bullets went straight towards the villain from different angles and directions. Unfortunately, my task is to make sure no one ambushes us from behind, so I didn't see how she evaded, but by the time I turned towards my master, she was already within arms reach and swinging a curved sword right at Crossfire's neck. One heartbeat later and I knew that I should retreat. I vaguely heard my mentor's head hit the floor as I ran out towards the back of the building. All that happened just a couple of minutes ago.

I was surprised when the Villain finally stepped into view. She was petite, garbed in traditional Muslim wear. If not for the curved sword that she's currently holding, I wouldn't have guessed that she's the one we're after.

"Who are you two?" Her accent.. it's beginning to change. She's starting to talk like a european. "I am Pythia."

I've heard that name before somewhere.. in my ancient history class?

"I am Morningstar." I replied tersely, getting into a well practiced defensive stance. I just have to survive until the reinforcements arrive. "And you just killed my mentor, Crossfire."

"Ah. Your mentor attacked me first, forcing me to defend myself."

"You were influencing this town's people to kill themselves." I vaguely remembered the briefing we had for this mission. I can clearly remember our captain's warning: contain immediately and whatever you do, do not engage in conversation. Mind control shouldn't be possible, since it was one of the three limitations, but some powers come dangerously close to it. However, I need to buy more time.

"How did you survive?" It was a small miracle that my voice was not shaking, even though I know I might be seconds away from death. "You should be full of bullet holes."

She sighed. "Seriously? My name didn't ring any bells?" She started to walk towards me, and I swung my weapon. She halted, then smiled. I was already in a different stance, but now she knows my exact reach. She started walking around it. "My power is future sight. Prediction. I knew exactly when you and your mentor would arrive. I knew where his bullets would appear. I knew where to position myself so that a single swing of my sword would kill him. And, just so you know, I did not influence the townsfolk to suicide. I just showed them their future."

I knew better than to trust a villain, but if that really is her power, then it would explain how she killed Crossfire easily. That also meant that I'm no match against her: my weapon won't hit, and my power's area of effect is still too small.

"And what is this future, that you showed them, exactly?" Still, I need more time.

"Would you like to see? You're a part of it." She thrust her sword to the ground, and it stuck there. "All you had to do is.."

I didn't know what I was thinking. I just saw an opening. I immediately stepped forward and pulled my Morningstar to crash into her shoulder. I was sure I should've scored a direct hit, but Pythia deftly stepped back the exact amount so that the spikes and flames won't hit her. Instead she reached out with her hands and touched my shoulder.

"..touch me." Was the last thing I heard before I saw the future.

I woke up after several minutes, with the vision of my future etched clearly in my memory. I knew what I should do. Where I should go. 

Who I should kill.