---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 5: Flying Colors pt.1"
date:   2015-11-19 23:59:00
categories: story
subsection: "Gabriel & Ellaine"
pov: "Manahil Dia & Gabriel Isagani"
---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

The young girl I was looking at suddenly turned to the boy behind her, grabbed his hand and started to run.

"Wait! We're.." And they we're gone. They rounded the corner, and out of our sight.

"Did they really think they can outrun a teleporter?" Desmond said behind me, adjusting his suit. He laid a hand on my shoulder, and I can feel his power wash over me. "Where are they?"

I can see the near future, about a month maximum. Unfortunately, my power is not fast enough to use during combat, or I would've seen what the girl would've done before we got here, and positioned Desmond on the corner of building, and not in the center of this small field.

I concentrated. Still pictures formed in my mind, and I immediately noticed that some of them are.. black. Of course. "Desmond, the young girl is a level zero. I can't see them. Let's talk to.. whoever's the authority around here."

---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

We were back inside the gym, and went back towards the backstage, then into the dressing rooms. Elle pushed me into the windowless room, flipped the light switches, closed the door and locked it.

"Turn off your phone." She said to me. I have never seen her look this intense. I held the power button and saw my phone shut down- it looks like Elle had already killed her phone while we were running from..

"Who are those, Elle? Do you know them?"

"No. I have to tell you something. A secret. You can't tell anyone."

"A secret?" Something the muslim-dressed woman said came back to me. "You have powers too?"

Elle walked towards one of the long benches, sat on it and motioned for me to sit too. How can Elle be so relaxed? We're running from a teleporter! My heart was still beating fast from the sprint we made. But I trusted Elle, and she wasn't panicking, so I tried to maintain my cool as well and sat next to her.

"I have a very lame power." She said. She took a deep breath, and looked at me straight in the eyes. "It took the scientists at Tianjin over three weeks before they can pinpoint what I actually do.. You can stop worrying about those two- without the phones and with my power, I doubt they can locate us."

"I have an.. 'unpredictability' field. I'm using it right now." I looked around, then at the phone at my hand. I don't feel anything new, nor can I see her field.

"What?"

"My power interferes with remote sensing abilities of others- both right now and in the future, until I decide to turn it off. Also, everyone's minds in my field cannot be read." Elle was speaking in a voice so quiet I can hardly hear her. "The scientist at the facility lied on my results sheet when he realized this.. It seems my power would make me a target for several government's security forces."

I was still processing this, when we suddenly heard the doorknob click- as if someone's trying to get in. It was locked- but we can hear the jingle of keys behind the door. I stood up and stepped in front of Elle, and tried to think of something I knew how to produce. Water? How much water can I produce? How about.. Rocks are just carbon..

I noticed that Elle is still sitting down, eyes closed. "I can still feel someone.. trying to pierce through my field.."

We heard the keys slide into the doorknob, turn and click. The moment the door swung open, we were frozen in place- and Mr. Ramos walked right in, alongside the muslim lady and the man in the business suit.

"There's our two newly-powered students." Mr. Ramos said jovially. He was a well-muscled, military man standing a full head taller than me. I can't see his shadow tendrils since my neck is positioned awkwardly- staring straight into the now-open and empty door. "See, I told you guys they went back inside."

---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

All five of us went out of the Gym and walked straight to the Administration building, at the very front of the campus. Mr. Ramos told us that there's nothing wrong, and introduced the muslim lady as Manahil Dia, a registered superhero from Dubai. The man in the business suit was called Desmond Smith, also a registered superhero. 

We all walked in silence after our gym professor led us out of the building, but I can see that Elle has her phone powered on again, and she's trying to type on it covertly. I don't think the superheroes or Mr. Ramos can see her, since all three of them walked in front of us.

Just before we got to the Admin building, we passed by the Mechanical Engineering workshop. It occured to me that tools, like wrenches and hammers are just iron or steel. I kinda knew what those are made of- maybe I can produce something to defend myself with. Maybe a knife? or a sword..

After going inside, I had to concentrate on going up the stairs of the building. That took my mind off deciding on which metal weapon I should try and make. It also distracted me enough to not notice that we're going to the Headmaster's Office.

When we got to the doors outside the office, Headmaster Sybil greeted us with a smile on her face. Shit, are we going to be expelled? I looked at Elle, and I can see that she's stunned too. She locked her phone and hid it on her pockets- I did the same with mine.

"Mr. Isagani, Ms. Colleb, join me in my office please." The headmaster told us as she opened the huge wooden double doors. Her office was spartan- a bookshelf, a circular carpet, a slim laptop, a tall chair behind a huge table with four other chairs in front of it for guests. Headmaster Sybil sat at the tall chair, with Mr. Ramos standing at her right, while the two heroes sat side by side. We went and sat on the unoccupied chairs, directly facing Manahil & Desmond.

"Mainline told me the gist of the story, and Shadowcage here confirmed it. However, I'd appreciate it if I could hear it all directly from our guests from Dubai here." Sybil told us. "Why do you need Mr. Isagani?"

Mainline? That's the superhero-only communication system.. Both the headmaster and Mr. Ramos are retired from the task force, they should no longer have access to those.

"Are we secure?" Manahil replied.

"With this room's precautions and Ms. Colleb's powers, I doubt we can get any more secure."

That made Elle look straight at Sybil. "You know?"

"Of course. I guess, if I'm not mistaken-" The headmaster looked at Manahil, who nodded. "If we're going to ask for your help, then we'd have to.. trade.. some secrets."

"We are not from Dubai's Task Forces." Desmond said. 

"We are Superheroes, and we are from Dubai, amongst many other places- just not a part of that country's Task Force." He continued. He held up his hand, palms towards both Elle and me, and pointed to the plain silver ring on his index finger. Oddly, there's a blue gem on the underside of the ring. I looked at Manahil, the Professor and the Headmaster, all of them had similar silver rings. "We're not rogues either- We work with the United Nations, as well as the Tianjin and Glasgow."

"We, all four of us, are part of a group called 'The Partnership'."