---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 2: Examination pt.2"
date:   2015-10-25 13:03:00
categories: story
subsection: "Gabriel & Ellaine"
pov: "Gabriel Isagani"
---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

Majority of Superpowers manifest when puberty has been triggered by your genes and hormones. Later generations of superpowered humans tend to manifest earlier, with the youngest recorded being 12 years old. I'm 15, turning 16 by August- and since my parents are both unpowered, I guess I'm part of the majority.

Elle continued to pull me downstairs until we're in the University's ground floor, then she started dragging me towards the Lateran's High School Building.

"Elle, Where are we going?"

"Gym"

I suddenly stopped as I realized what she's going to do. "You're going to give me to Mr. Ramos?"

"What? No! We're going to the back of the Gym."

She grabbed my hand and started to pull me again. "There's nothing there."

"Exactly."

I was still in a daze as we went through the High School building, and towards the Lateran's Cathedral. The Gym was just behind it. I didn't know what my power was- is it even really a power? Maybe someone put the graphite in my hands as I sneezed. I know Elle didn't, she admitted she didn't have any. And if that's actually my superpower, then that's really lame. Transmutation powers are almost always limited: water to wine, lead to gold, and in my case, air to graphite. Although, from what I remember, transmuters usually have some form of telekinetic control over the end product, which is cool.

"We're here."

I didn't notice when we entered the Gym and immediately exited through a side door. We are now at the small field at the back of the Gym. There are two doors to the Gym's backstage, some old costumes and three chairs that's falling apart. There's also a small tree at the other side of field, about three times my height with a hammock stringed on two of its branches.

Elle was still winded from our sprint through the campus, so she threw her purse towards the back wall and sat down on the grass. I looked at my watch- 10:14am, I guess we're both skipping our next class.

"So. Can you do that again? Are you transmuting or teleporting items?"

"Fuck, I hope I'm not teleporting them." That's a frightening notion- if I'm teleporting the graphite, then I just robbed someone somewhere.

I closed my eyes, held out my hand and concentrated. I know from my psychology classes that superpowered humans just need to focus in order to tap into their powers. However, when I opened my eyes, there's still nothing in my palm.

"Huh. I guess I actually have to think about graphite.." I concentrated again, but didn't close my eyes this time. 

I actually expected for air to gather into my palm and then transmute into sheets of graphite, but that's not what happened. There's also no flash of light that usually accompanies teleportation. Instead, a feather-light, pitch-black stone just grew from nothing several inches above my hand, then promptly fell into it.

"Wait, what?" Elle suddenly stood up and took the stone from my palm. "I think it's coal, except it's too light.. pure graphite, maybe?"

Graphite sheets are grown on laboratories, and I don't think graphite.. chunks are actually produced anywhere. It's also not naturally found in nature, which means that the graphite that Elle is now holding is probably not from anywhere.

"I'm resonably sure I'm not teleporting it. But I don't think I'm transmuting either.."

"You ARE transmuting. You must be.." Elle pulled her phone out as she pocketed the graphite chunk. "Matter cannot be created from nothing.. can it?"

"Please don't call the authorities yet." I said as I opened my bag and began to look for my own phone. When I found it, I saw that there's no new messages for me. I placed my bag besides Elle's and leaned against the Gym's wall. Elle was typing at her phone as she paced back and forth.

"Yep. Time cannot be manipulated, Will cannot be forced, and Matter cannot be created or destroyed. That's the only three known limitations to superpowers." Elle showed me her phone with the superpower wiki page opened on 'Superpower Limits'.

It has been more than one hundred years, about five or six generations of heroes.. I doubt that mine's unique enough to break one of the limits. Besides, I can only create graphite.. or can I?

I held out my hand again. Elle looked at me, then looked and my hand. I concentrated and saw droplets start hitting my palm. After a few seconds, lukewarm water flowed out from *nothing*, just few inches above my palm, and into the ground. If my power was actually transmuting, then the air around.. the origin point.. shouldv'e been visibly pulled towards it, since water contains much more matter than the air where's it should've been coming from.

I stopped the flow and looked at Elle, whose eyes and mouth are both wide open.

"You *are* creating matter.." She said, once again typing on her phone, obviously searching for other clues on what my power actually is. "Can you create *any* kind of matter? How about.. I don't know, chocolate?"

When I held out my hand again and focused on chocolate, nothing happened. "Nope, not chocolate. Maybe because I don't actually know what's in chocolate. Here, let me try again."

Unfortunately, before I can do anything, a brilliant flash of light temporarily blinded me as a couple of superpowered humans teleported just a few feet in behind of Elle. She whirled around and saw the teleporter, a middle aged man in a business suit, and an older female, dressed in muslim shawls and with a hijab.

"Where are we, young girl?" The female was speaking in a heavy accent, clearly not used to speaking in english. "Desmond, which one of them?"

Before Elle can respond, the man in a business suit replied with a british accent. "They are both have powers, but the young man over there is the Demiurge."