---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 1: Examination pt.1"
date:   2015-10-19 05:54:00
categories: story
subsection: "Gabriel & Ellaine"
pov: "Gabriel Isagani"
---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning). 

My class for "The History of Superpowered Humans" have always bored me. I'm pretty sure it's not because of my professor, Mr. Martinez, since I'm also taking Psychology 3 with him and I've had no problems there. It's not the ambiance either, since we are in one of the two lecture halls at the very top of the castle-like Lateran University. The grand view of Mount Makiling should've been visible in the windows- unfortunately, dark stormy clouds are currently blocking the view right now.

I looked to my right and noticed that my bestfriend Elle is also having some trouble focusing. The margins of her notebook is slowly filling up with doodles of snakes and flowers.

"What?" She whispered as she noticed that I was looking at her.

"I really hoped that the storm would hit this morning." I whispered back.

"Yeah, the papers said that it should hit later today though.. maybe they'll suspend the afternoon classes?"

"I hope so"

Mr. Martinez continued to drone on, writing the names of the first superpowered heroes one by one on the digital whiteboard. Of course, I already knew each and every one of them. I was not a superhero geek like some of my friends, but the media have always pushed the superpowered humans into the spotlight even before I was born.

The first column in the board was the six 9/11 responders: Meteo, Crossbones, Lancer, Powerhouse, and the twins, Psion and Psyker. They emerged when terrorists flew a couple of planes into a skyscraper in New York, America, more than a century ago. There are other superpowered beings there- the footage have clearly shown more than six of them, but none of the others have stepped forward.

The second column in the board has the names of members of the first recognized superpowered team, which was formed even before the superhero treaties of Tianjin or Glasgow. On the third column are several, less known superpowered humans: the first supervillains. And there's only one name in the last column, which Mr. Martinez is currently discussing right now.

"Batang-X. First registered in 2016 as the first filipino superpowered human, in Tianjin. Still active today. Can anyone tell me what his known powers are?"

A girl in front of the class (I'm bad with names) raised her hand, and was acknowledged by Mr. Martinez

"Batang-X has two powers: he cannot age and he's really smart." She said quickly. "Technically, that's a Count-class Sphinx Level 2 and 3, respectively."

"Thank you, Ms. Hernandez. We will discuss power classifications later, but you are correct. Batang-X cannot age- unfortunately he also cannot improve his strength and stamina, as he is stuck at his current body. He is also a tactical genius, but he's not supernaturally gifted with intellect. His power only gives him peak-human intelligence regarding strategy and tactics."

Mr. Martinez moved on to discuss Batang-X's first superhero task force and his team then, when I noticed Elle looking at me.

"Did you hear the news with Patrick last night?" Elle whispered. She is now doodling over her own notes, since her notebook's margins are full. "He got into a fight with Frank while at the Canteen."

Patrick and Frank are both 3rd Year college students, one year ahead of us, who are local celebrities since they're two of the seven students currently enrolled in Lateran who have developed superpowers. Unfortunately, both of them developed some form of superstrength and endurance, which led into brawls more than several times.

"Who won this time?" I replied quietly.

"No one. Mr. Ramos was at the student center, which was close enough that he heard the two trading blows."

There are usually at least one professor in every university who actually has powers. Lateran has two, and Mr. Ramos was one of them. Our muscle-bound Gym Teacher (who's a Captain of the Philippine Army Reserve), Sylvester Ramos is also known as Shadowcage. He always demonstrates his power at the very first gym session of freshmen year, so that the students know that he can take all of them at once. Mr. Ramos can freely create tendrils from his shadow, and when those tendrils touch any part of other people's shadows, then those people are frozen in place. They can still see and hear, but cannot move or talk. Fortunately, his power also doesn't stop involuntary movement, like the student's beating hearts.

"Damn it. I was betting on Patrick this time." My nose is starting to itch as I replied.

"Yeah, I was too." Elle told me, and I noticed that she was actually writing this time. I looked to the board and saw that Mr. Martinez is now writing assignments for tomorrow, so I pulled my pen and notebook out from my bag and started to jot down notes as well. A quick glance on my phone says we're about 10 minutes before the class is done.

Elle continued. "I need to get some graphite for my next class, so I'm gonna have to sprint to the supply stores outside the campus. What's you next, by the way? I know we both have 12 noon open for lunch."

I was about to say "Cognitive Psychology on 2nd Floor Annex", but instead I sneezed. Hard. Hard engough that I got white spots in my vision when I opened my eyes. As I recovered, I tried to get my handkerchief, but instead I found out that both of my hands are full- my right still holding a pen, and my left curiously holding something small, thin and brittle.

The first thing that I noticed when my vision returned to normal was that no one except Elle even looked towards me when I sneezed, since Mr. Martinez is still explaining the assignments in the front of the class. Next, I was holding about three square sheets of graphite in my left hand. Lastly, I saw Elle with her mouth still open, and her pen pointing to the sheets in my hand.

"You've got superpowers." She finally whispered.