---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 3: Examination pt.3"
date:   2015-11-05 13:03:00
categories: story
subsection: "Blackguards"
pov: "Anthony Santo Domingo & Aster Vergara"
---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Morning).

The party yesterday went all night and well into the morning, and since it was technically my party, I had no choice but to mingle with the politicians, generals and other superheroes of the Philippines. It has been six whole years, serving with the Superhero Task Force "Mandirigma" on the front lines of the Sino-Philippine war. Many of the battered islands of spratleys have changed hands while I served with my former task force, but I think I'd rather stay there than endure another night with that many politicians.

Beep-Beep-Beep-Beep-Beep...

5:30am already? Feels like I just lied down. As I reached over to my bedside table and turn my morning alarm off, I felt a box on top of my clock. I grabbed the box and used it to turn off the alarm, and pulled the switch on my bedside to turn my bed lamps on. The morning sky is already turning purple on my window, but it's still a bit too dark to see.

The box was gift-wrapped, with a card taped on top. There was no message in the card, just five signatures- with my trusted second-in-command at the top, Aster (aka Shadowstep). Her partner, Jenna (aka Leo) went next, and our durable strongman, Lady (no codename) went third. Her signature was damn complicated with a lot flourish- I'm betting she made it up on the spot, but there's no mistaking that it's from her. The fourth signature was just a line with two crosses at the end, which is probably John's (aka Pulse), our supervillain turned good and the only other male in the team.

I opened the gift, and found a ring box inside. There was another note inside with Astrid's handwriting: 'We all have one'. I flipped open the ring box, and found a signet ring with our newly-formed superhero task force's emblem engraved in it. All my morning drowsiness and negativity was washed away by an overwhelming surge of accomplishment.

We did it.

---
April 21, 2114 (Saturday; Noon).

It took a while to convince the team to respond to the call, but here they are at last. Our first actual Task Force response, which Jenna was sure was some form of hazing by the superhero community.

"Are you serious, Aster?" John said quietly behind me. "Terrorist threat in a mall?"

"Yes Pulse. Code names only please."

Some goofball called the station about a possible bomb in a suitcase, in the largest mall in the country. It has been the third false alarm, but the suitcase was the same reinforced black leather just like on the other attempts. The probability that all three are from the same person is quite likely.

My earpiece (every registered superhero has one) beeped at my left ear, so I put two of my fingers above it to signal to my team that I'm not talking to them, but to Mainline. "Shadowstep here, responding on the scene at the Mall of Asia."

`---shadowstep this is mainline---blackguard is try to reach you---`

"Patch him through, Mainline."

`---acknowledged---`

The deep voice of captain Anthony replaced the robotic voice of the A.I. "Shadowstep, this is Blackguard on The Blackguards HQ. Report."

"Captain Blackguard." I said loudly, more to catch the attention of my teammates than to Anthony. "Lady is with the Bomb Disposal Team, and they are currently opening the suitcase. Pulse and Leo are both with me."

"Is there high ground nearby?"

I looked around. The mall was empty, with most of the stores shuttered. It felt weird, considering it's the middle of the day on a weekend, but we learned to take bomb scares seriously, here in the capital. We're currently at the mall's main hallway, and we can be seen from the second floor, while the roof itself is glass with steel reinforcements.

"I probably can't teleport someone on the ceiling, but there's an entire second floor hallway overlooking us that I can get to."

"No. I'm betting that whoever planted the suitcase is watching you guys right now."

Crap, I didn't think about that. "They could be using CCTV or a similar device." Unless the perpetrators have perception-based superpowers.

Jenna (aka Leo) was still looking towards Lady, in case she needed support, but John perked up as he pieced together my conversation with Anthony. He cracked his knuckles, which meant that he's using his powers to locate persons around us. The military did a good job of eliminating obvious 'tells', but since John wasn't from the army, but instead recruited by Anthony, he still has some bad habits.

"I can sense everyone present, plus two more. On the ceiling." Pulse said, which I repeated to Anthony.

I felt Jenna grow tense, and temperature around us went up. All four of us wore the Philippine's standard issue flame-resistant army combat uniforms, from the cap to the boots. As registered superheros, we're allowed to wear anything we want, but Anthony insisted on the army standard. It can't stand Jenna's flames, of course, but it helps when you're constantly around a superhero that manipulates fire.

I can see Lady reach out to her earpiece, but I'm too far to hear her conversation. I reached out with my power, up to the ceiling. If those two didn't research our powers, then I might be able to do something.. yes! Even though it's overcast above and there's no sunlight, I can still feel them- a couple of human shaped shadows crouched several meters from an edge of the glass ceiling, on a support pillar. I eyed the top of the pillar and nodded to Pulse, who nodded back.

"Leo. Two tangos above." I said quietly, and Jenna didn't even look at me- she just continued to monitor Lady. The bomb disposal are currently opening the suitcase, with Lady right in front. It didn't look right, since she looked like a tall teenager with golden curls and a perfect body modeling a combat uniform. Right besides her are two men in huge bomb disposal armor.

We knew the suitcase was a dud- the other two was just filled with packed sand. It was most probably a distraction, from an attack from above. And since no superheroes responded on the first two, the perpetrators did not reveal themselves. All four of us was expecting the ambush from above.

That was when the suitcase exploded.